hey people john here from fast films and
today we're going through a 2009 horror
thriller called my bloody valentine the
movie starts with a news report of a
fire that broke out at hanniger mines
it is assumed that a man called tom
henniger who is the son of henniger
mind's owner is responsible for the
incident as he forgot to vent the
methane lines that caused the collapse
the rescuers recover five dead bodies
and only one survivor harry warden who
is found delusional and violent the news
report also reveals that the five dead
miners were killed with the blunt force
of a pickaxe and not because of the mine
cave in
harry warden killed the other miners to
conserve oxygen in the collapsed mine he
is in the hospital now and chances are
very slim that he will ever come out of
coma one year later on valentine's day
warden awakens from his coma and murders
numerous patients and staff
sheriff burke arrives at the hospital
and finds a victim's heart in a box of
chocolates in the next scene a teenage
couple irene and axel wait for their
friends sarah and tom at the party
inside the mine
when sarah and tom arrive tom asks her
to join the party until he gets back
with beer
when she goes inside the mine she
searches for irene and axel but suddenly
meets a teenager boy who frightens her
by wearing mining gear and a gas mask as
soon as that boy jokes around with sarah
about dressing up like harry warden he
gets attacked from behind by warden with
a pickaxe
sarah runs screaming and discovers the
dead bodies of other teenagers in the
mine
suddenly irene and axel show up and take
her to a corner in the mine
warden looks for them in the mine and
finds a boy who is searching for his
friend jason
when warden kills that boy with the
pickaxe sarah and her friends get
terrified and run outside while running
axel loses balance and falls on the
ground warden attempts to kill him but
sarah hits him warden is then
interrupted by a girl whom he kills with
a spade
meanwhile tom shows up but sarah and
axel take him and run outside
sarah axel and irene succeed at running
towards the car outside the mine but tom
gets attacked by warden
sarah tries to go back to save tom but
axel forcefully gets her inside the car
and they leave
tom runs inside the mine to hide himself
but he gets caught by warden eventually
when warden tries to attack him with the
pickaxe sheriff burke arrives and shoots
him before he can kill tom but wharton
staggers away deeper into the mine
ten years later it is told that harry
warden killed 22 people and he was then
buried alive in the very mine he once
worked axel is now the harmony town
sheriff and he has married sarah but he
is having an affair with her co-worker
megan megan meets axel secretly at a
shack in the woods on valentine's day
and excitedly tells him about her
pregnancy but axel seems disappointed in
the next scene tom visits the hanniger
mines manager ben foley he tells ben
about his decision of selling the mine
but this angers him because the mine was
the source of income for the people in
the town
tom tells him that the mine has been
outdated since his childhood but his
father never realized this
before leaving he tells ben that this is
his final decision as he is the majority
shareholder at night tom is staying at a
motel where irene is spending
valentine's night with a guy
the guy breaks up with irene and leaves
her room enraged irene follows him with
a gun to threaten him but the guy gets
killed by an assailant in the head with
a pickaxe
irene gets terrified and runs back to
her room and hides under the bed the
assailant goes after her and checks her
room meanwhile the hospitality worker
comes looking into the room for her dog
lewis when the assailant hides himself
in the closet the hospitality worker
thinks that her dog is there as she
approaches the closet the assailant
comes out and attacks her he then
follows irene's quavering voice and
finds her under the bed at first she
tries to protect herself by kicking him
but gets stabbed to death eventually
the next day sheriff axel arrives at the
motel and finds that the assailant has
removed irene's heart at the motel's
reception he finds out the name of tom
henniger in the registration list tom
meets sarah coincidentally at her
grocery store and learns that she has
married axel and has a son
sarah asks him where he has been since
10 years she tells him that she and her
friends thought he was dead she feels
sorry for his father's death sarah's
coworker megan overhears their
conversation and comes to know that they
were past lovers
sarah goes home and meets her son noah
and then goes into her room she looks at
an old picture of her with tom she calls
axel who tells her that irene has been
murdered last night
the camera footage from the incident at
the motel reveals that the killer is
dressed as a minor starting rumors that
warden has returned
after a while axel receives a box of
chocolates containing irene's heart tom
goes to a bar where former sheriff
burke's colleagues blame him for the
incident at haniger mines and tell him
that warden has returned to kill him
when axel is at home sarah goes to his
room and finds him watching the cctv
footage of the incident at the motel
axel tells her that the assailant is
probably tom who has returned to the
town to sell the mines
then he asks sarah to let him know if
tom meets her again
in the morning tom meets sarah before
her store and apologizes to her for his
10-year absence
sarah tells him that he will regret his
decision of selling the mines as they
meant a lot to his family when she tells
him that the town depends on that mine
tom tells her that he is not concerned
about that
tom arrives at the mine to meet ben but
while looking for him he gets attacked
by the assailant who locks him inside
the utility cage the assailant murders
the mineworker red accompanying tom and
vanishes before the mineworkers arrive
and rescue tom
at the hospital tom insists that warden
has returned and he killed red right
before him axel tells him that it is
impossible and then he reveals that
warden was never buried alive because
his father and ben killed him and
sheriff burke covered that murder up
axel ben and tom along with sarah and
sheriff burke visit the woods where
warden's body was buried but find that
the grave is empty
ben tells them that the animals in the
woods might have got him
axel leaves in frustration and asks tom
to visit him at the police station
at the station axel investigates tom
about the mineworker's murder he asks
tom about why he has changed his mind
and decided to stay in the town
tom says that sarah actually settled for
axel this annoys axel and he asks deputy
martin to lock him up but he tells him
that he cannot do this because the mine
foreman has confirmed that tom was found
inside the utility cage when the workers
arrive
when tom is released from custody he
visits the mine and suspects someone's
presence there he searches in the woods
and finds the shack that axel and megan
have been using for their affair
the mine manager ben foley is killed by
the assailant at his home
the next day sarah visits axel at his
office and learns that ben is missing
axel tells him that he has lost track of
tom and asks her if she has met him
lately
meanwhile deputy martin shows up and
tells axel that ben's body has been
found
axel and his team find ben's body in
warden's grave axel realizes that the
killer must be one of the few people
aware of warden's grave and he becomes
increasingly suspicious of tom
at night when sarah is with megan in the
store the murderer attacks them
they somehow run and lock themselves up
in the stockroom megan tries to unlock
the window to the back alley and the
assailant keeps on hitting the
stockroom's door with the help of his
pickaxe
eventually megan succeeds at opening the
window but when she gets half out of it
the murderer shows up in the back alley
and attacks her he then attempts to hit
sarah through the window but she escapes
and presses the emergency button to
summon police
she runs towards the store's entrance
door and finds axel then they both find
megan's dead body with her heart removed
in the back alley the murderer leaves
her body next to the wall with be mine
forever written in blood
sarah tells axel that the murderer is
probably behind him she reveals that she
knew about his affair with megan the
murderer breaks into axel's house and
kills his maid rosa former sheriff burke
shows up and meets sheriff ferris who is
outside axel's house he tells her that
the murderer is in the house ferris goes
inside the house while sheriff burke
searches for the murderer outside when
ferris finds rose's dead body in the
washing machine she screams and calls
sheriff burke but the murderer kills him
with the pickaxe
at the hospital sarah receives a call
from tom who tells her that the murderer
is not harry warden
he tells her that he needs to meet her
to show her something at axel's cabin
then tom picks sarah from the hospital
and tells her on their way that axel is
responsible for all the murderers
he tells her that she has no idea of
what axel is capable of meanwhile axel
calls sarah and tells her that she
should not trust tom as he has found
that tom has spent the last seven years
in a mental institution he tells her
that tom went to their house and killed
their maid he also tells her that tom
followed their son noah axel apologizes
to her for cheating on her and asks her
that she can leave him after all this is
over
sarah hangs up the call pretending it
was from her mother then sarah asks tom
to drop her as she wants to check on
noah but tom becomes violent and forces
her to trust him sarah grabs the
steering wheel and crashes the car in
the woods by the mine she escapes into
the woods and calls axel who asks her to
hide in his cabin in the woods
sarah hides in axel's cabin and
discovers evidence of his affair with
megan and a tower of empty valentine
gift boxes
she also finds the old picture of her
and tom the murderer shows up in the
cabin and tries to attack her but she
manages to escape through the window
he chases her into the mine while hiding
from the murderer axel shows up and
sarah grabs his gun
she points the gun at him and tells him
that he has committed all the murders
and used to put the hearts in the
valentine gift boxes axel tells her that
tom has done everything but she doesn't
believe him
suddenly tom shows up and sarah holds
the two men at gunpoint as they each
accuse the other of being the murderer
tom mentions the way megan was killed
but sarah asks him how he knows about
her death
tom tells her that she told her about it
on the phone but her sarah is sure that
she did not inform him about it she
points the gun at tom tom hallucinates
and it is revealed that the murderer is
suffering from split personality a
flashback shows him digging up warden's
mining gear and committing the murders
axel and tom get into a fight that
results in axel getting badly injured
with the pickaxe
when sarah shoots at tom he runs away
but shows up again
he smashes the tunnel's light with the
pickaxe sarah and axel hide themselves
and find that they only have one bullet
to kill tom with when tom approaches
them sarah shoots him and the bullet
strikes a fuel tank which explodes
sarah and axel are rescued from the
explosion tom also survives murdering
the rescue worker who finds him thanks
for watching guys